# COMMUNITY LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Community License Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between Frozen Mountain, Ltd. ("Frozen Mountain") and the person or company ("Customer") receiving the right to use the Products. By clicking "Accept", you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If you are accepting this Agreement on behalf of a company, you represent and warrant that you have the ability to bind the company. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may not install or use the Product.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE.

1.1 The License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Frozen Mountain grants to Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable internal license to install the Product on a server owned or leased by Customer and to test the Product and the materials provided to Customer by Frozen Mountain (the "Materials") to evaluate the features, functionality and performance of the Product. The Product may not be used for any other purpose, including but not limited to productive or commercial use.

1.2 License Conditions. Frozen Mountain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Product and Materials, and modifications to the Product and the Materials. Customer may not decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any Product. All copies of Product must contain Frozen Mountain's and its suppliers' proprietary rights notices. The Product may not be modified, altered or enhanced. Customer may not allow any third party to access the Product. In no event may Customer transfer, sublicense or distribute any Product. The Product and the Materials may not be copied or otherwise reproduced. Customer will obtain and install all prerequisite hardware and software (including any necessary access rights for Frozen Mountain).

1.3 Customer will evaluate the features of the Product, including usability, implementation, performance, and rollout.  Customer may provide Frozen Mountain with feedback on any additional features required, any functionality issues, and errors, flaws, failures, or faults in the Product. The Product is limited to 10 concurrent users, after which additional users will receive notice that they may not connect. Additionally, this Product does not support SSL, and is not licensed for commercial use. This Product is licensed for academic or personal use only.

1.4 "Confidential Information" means all information furnished by Frozen Mountain in oral, written or machine-readable form, disclosed as a result of this Agreement, including the Product and the Materials. The results of the evaluation will also be treated as Frozen Mountain Confidential Information. Customer will use a reasonable standard of care to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of the Confidential Information, but in no event less than a reasonable standard of care. Customer will disclose the Confidential Information only to its employees with a need to know. The restrictions of this Agreement on use and disclosure of Confidential Information shall not apply to information that becomes publicly known through no fault of the Customer or its personnel. All confidentiality obligations regarding Confidential Information shall survive with respect to any Confidential Information received prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

2. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY OF DATA, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FROZEN MOUNTAIN AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT THE USE OF THE PRODUCT OR THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.

3. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL FROZEN MOUNTAIN OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM BASED UPON A THIRD PARTY CLAIM, ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE; OR FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY MALFUNCTIONS, DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATORY PROFITS, EVEN IF FROZEN MOUNTAIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FROZEN MOUNTAIN'S OR ITS SUPPLIERS’ AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE OR OTHERWISE WILL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES AND WILL NOT EXCEED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS (US $1,000). THE ALLOCATIONS OF LIABILITY IN THIS SECTION 3 REPRESENT THE AGREED AND BARGAINED FOR UNDERSTANDING OF THE PARTIES, AND REFLECTS THE ALLOCATION OF THE RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS IN ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

4. TERM AND TERMINATION. The term of this Agreement will begin on the date the Customer clicks on the "accept button" and will continue for an indefinite period until such a time as Frozen Mountain should decide to terminate the Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party upon written notice to the other party. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Customer will deinstall and destroy the Product or return the Product and Materials to Frozen Mountain and, upon the request of Frozen Mountain, certify in writing to Frozen Mountain that all copies or partial copies thereof have been deleted from every computer library and storage device under Customer's control, are no longer in use by or on behalf of Customer. Termination will not affect any claim, liability or right of Frozen Mountain arising prior to termination. All rights and obligations granted under Sections 1.2, 1.4, 2, 3, 4 and 5 of this Agreement will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

5.	MISCELLANEOUS. Neither party will be liable by reason of any failure of performance under this Agreement if such failure arises out of causes beyond such party’s reasonable control, despite the reasonable efforts and without the fault or negligence of such party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Frozen Mountain will not be liable to Customer for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement which failure is caused, directly or indirectly, by the failure of any matter for which Customer is responsible under this Agreement or which is a suspension of the Subscription for Customer’s failure to pay. Customer may not assign this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of Frozen Mountain, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of North Carolina, without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, or the breach, termination, validity of the Agreement, which cannot be resolved by negotiations between the parties, must be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction located in Wake County, North Carolina, and each party irrevocably consents to such jurisdiction and waives all objections to this venue. Frozen Mountain is an independent contractor and neither party is an agent or employee of, and has any authority to bind the other party, by contract or otherwise. No delay or omission by either party to exercise any right or power unless in writing and signed by the party waiving rights it has under this Agreement will impair or be construed as a waiver of such right or power. A waiver by either party of any covenant or breach will not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach or of any other covenant. Any notice required to be sent to a party under this Agreement will be in writing, will be sent by: first-class mail return receipt requested; personal delivery; or overnight courier to the other party’s address. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, then both parties will be relieved of all obligations arising under such provision, but only to the extent that such provision is unenforceable, and this Agreement will be deemed amended by modifying such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable while preserving its intent or, if that is not possible, by substituting another provision that is enforceable and achieves the same objective and economic result. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision of this Agreement that provides for a limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranties, indemnification or exclusion or damages or other remedies are intended to be enforced as such. Further, it is expressly understood and agreed that in the event any remedy under this Agreement is determined to have failed its essential purpose, all limitations of liability and exclusions of damages or other remedies will remain in effect. This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and supersedes and replaces any prior agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and there are no other representations, understandings or agreements between the parties relative to such subject matter. Amendments or waivers of any provision of this Agreement will be valid only as clearly identified as such, in writing and signed by the parties.
